Integrity is doing the right thing when nobody's watching, and doing as you say you would do
The value of your work is not in the dollar. It's in your word
He always does; he always does!
Your Word Is Valued More By Others Than Exceeded Promises
It is easy to make promises — it is hard work to keep them
Promises are only as strong as the person who gives them
The best way to keep one’s word is not to give it
It is not the oath that makes us believe the man, but the man the oath
Do, or do not. There is no ‘try’
The more you know yourself, the more clarity there is. Self-knowledge has no end – you don’t come to an achievement, you don’t come to a conclusion. It is an endless river
Maturity is not a matter of age, it comes with understanding
I am Iron Man
J.A.R.V.I.S., make a note. Remind me not to wake up in the morning ever again
Genius, Billionaire, Playboy, Philanthropist
Sometimes you’ve gotta run before you can walk.
They say that the best weapon is the one you never have to fire. I respectfully disagree. I prefer the weapon you only have to fire once
What’s the point of owning a race car if you can’t drive it?
I have a plan, ATTACK
Men, especially crude men, tend to keep their promises
The mere consciousness of an engagement will sometimes worry a whole day
Manners Maketh Man
When the student is ready, the master appears
Life by Design, not by default
The night is darkest just before the dawn
Endure and take it. They’ll hate me for it, but that’s the point of being Bharath, I can be the outcast. I can make the choice that no one else can make, the right choice
Your anger gives you great power. But if you let it, it will destroy you
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain
If you're good at something, never do it for free
If you make yourself more than just a man, if you devote yourself to an ideal, and if they can’t stop you, then you become something else entirely ..., a Legend
It's not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me
The world only makes sense if you force it to
Some men just want to watch the world burn
I am the hero that this world deserves, but maybe not the one it needs right now
Sometimes the truth isn’t good enough, sometimes people deserve more. Sometimes people deserve to have their faith rewarded
That's one trouble with dual identities, Robin. Dual responsibilities
Everyone could have done it, if it was easy
As a man; I am flesh and blood; I can be ignored, I can be destroyed. But as a symbol, I can be incorruptible. I can be everlasting
The training is nothing! The will is everything! The will to act
The true men always carries everything he needs in his utility belt
Batman punches people in the face
Maybe that's what Bharath is about. Not winning, but failing, and getting back up. Knowing he'll fail, fail a thousand times, but still won't give up
Darkness is my ally
A hero can be anyone
Every damn day, and yet, I'm still here
All you care about is money. This world deserves a better class of coders. And I'm gonna give it to them
All men have limits. They learn what they are and learn not to exceed them. I ignore mine
Why do we fall? So that we can raise even stronger
I think, I can take them. You ALWAYS think, you can take them
I Wear A Mask. And That Mask, It’s Not To Hide Who I Am, But To Create What I Am
The Idea Was To Be A Symbol. Batman Could Be Anybody, That Was The Point
Nothing stops me, but I know the pain
No Miracles. No Mercy. No Redemption. No Heaven. No Hell. No Higher Powers. Just Life ..., Just Us
If I Allow Myself To Go Down Into That Place… I’ll Never Come Back
All Men Have Limits ... I Ignore Mine
Death Is Powerless Against You If You Leave A Legacy Of Good Behind
I Chose This Life. I Know What I'm Doing.
When That Light Hits The Sky, It’s Not Just A Call. It’s A Warning
Vengeance Won't Change The Past. I Have To Become More
Yes, Father. I Shall Become A Bat
Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be. Be One
Think of the life you have lived until now as over and, as a dead man, see what’s left as a bonus and live it according to Nature. Love the hand that fate deals you and play it as your own, for what could be more fitting?
It never ceases to amaze me: we all love ourselves more than other people, but care more about their opinion than our own
In your actions, don’t procrastinate. In your conversations, don’t confuse. In your thoughts, don’t wander. In your soul, don’t be passive or aggressive. In your life, don’t be all about business
If it is not right, do not do it, if it is not true, do not say it
The best revenge is not to be like your enemy
Choose not to be harmed — and you won’t feel harmed. Don’t feel harmed — and you haven’t been
External thinks are not the problem. It’s your assessment of them. Which you can erase right now.
If anyone can refute me—show me I’m making a mistake or looking at things from the wrong perspective—I’ll gladly change. It’s the truth I’m after, and the truth never harmed anyone
You could leave life right now. Let that determine what you do and say and think
Be tolerant with others and strict with yourself
We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more in imagination than in reality
If a man knows not which port he sails, no wind is favorable
No person has the power to have everything they want, but it is in their power not to want what they don’t have, and to cheerfully put to good use what they do have
Nothing, to my way of thinking, is a better proof of a well ordered mind than a man’s ability to stop just where he is and pass some time in his own company
He who fears death will never do anything worthy of a man who is alive
This is our big mistake: to think we look forward to death. Most of death is already gone. Whatever time has passed is owned by death
Life is very short and anxious for those who forget the past, neglect the present, and fear the future
I judge you unfortunate because you have never lived through misfortune. You have passed through life without an opponent—no one can ever know what you are capable of, not even you
How does it help…to make troubles heavier by bemoaning them?
How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourself?
Don’t seek for everything to happen as you wish it would, but rather wish that everything happens as it actually will—then your life will flow well
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do
Curb your desire—don’t set your heart on so many things and you will get what you need
That’s why the philosophers warn us not to be satisfied with mere learning, but to add practice and then training. For as time passes we forget what we learned and end up doing the opposite, and hold opinions the opposite of what we should
Don’t explain your philosophy. Embody it.
The chief task in life is simply this: to identify and separate matters so that I can say clearly to myself which are externals not under my control, and which have to do with the choices I actually control. Where then do I look for good and evil? Not to uncontrollable externals, but within myself to the choices that are my own
If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer, ‘He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would have not mentioned these alone
I begin to speak only when I’m certain what I’ll say isn’t better left unsaid
What man actually needs is not a tensionless state but rather the striving and struggling for some goal worthy of him
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves
Virtue is sufficient for happiness
Imagine smiling after a slap in the face. Then think of doing it twenty-four hours a day
If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present
Warriors should suffer their pain silently
It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable
Complaining does not work as a strategy. We all have finite time and energy. Any time we spend whining is unlikely to help us achieve our goals. And it won't make us happier
Until we have begun to go without them, we fail to realize how unnecessary many things are. We've been using them not because we needed them but because we had them
People hide their truest nature. I understood that; I even applauded it. What sort of world would it be if people bled all over the sidewalks, if they wept under trees, smacked whomever they despised, kissed strangers, revealed themselves?
A Stoic is someone who transforms fear into prudence, pain into transformation, mistakes into initiation, and desire into undertaking
Feeling too much is a hell of a lot better than feeling nothing
The things you think about determine the quality of your mind
Misfortune nobly born is good fortune
Don't Repeat Yourself
Keep it simple stupid